# CMT
## Project Description
The prupose of the project is to highlight potentials heat islands based on a simple satelite picture using Stefan's law as a model.
## Input files
The first file used by the programm is the satelite picture.
Furthermore, the file pixel.py creates 2 csv files (albedo & emmissivity) and a pixelised version of the satelite image.

## Output files
The first file that is compiled by lire_fichier.c is the file temperature_matrixe.csv that represent the temperature value of each pixel of the 100x100 pixelised image
The programm superposition.py uses this csv file to represent graphically the temperature map and the "hot zones" following the parametre hot_threshold
## Report

Templates for .tex and .odt formats are provided in "docs/". The formatting can be changed, but the sections should remain the same. The final report should be placed in "docs/" as "report.pdf".
# Running the program
## Dependencies
The complete folder contains four files 
 -------- supp Describe the operating system, programs (MATLAB/Python/C), version numbers, and external packages that need to be installed to run the program.
## Build
the c programm is compiled with a ``gcc`` command the the file ``read_file`` (executable) is create in the folder bin
Describe how the C program should be compiled (using gcc or mex). The executable or shared object file can be placed in the "bin/" directory.
## Execute
The programm can be executed directly from the terminal using the shellscript (app.sh file)
To compute the programm, the user has to move on the desktop to the place where the project is downloaded with the command : cd $(find . -name "CMT" -type d)
Once in the right place, the execution can be completed with: ./app.sh
Resume (once on the terminal):
1. cd $(find . -name "CMT" -type d)
2. ./app.sh
## Contributors
Nicolas Egger & Diego Dellamula
# Acknowledgments
## Data sources

Describe sources of data here.
## Code

Describe large code contributions not mentioned in the code itself (for small blocks of code or functions, sources can be cited in the code).

    taken from other programs
    generated by LLMs (including documentation) - specify which LLM
